look at this disgusting ice plant it
might be in your area it should not be
allowed to operate Isis of food and this
plant does not treat it that way people
could get very sick and someone might
die I'll highlight some of the things
that are major food safety manufacturing
violations the ice machine is in a dirty
open-air environment
notice the ice bags on the dirty floor
with paint cans above and a generator
next to them
oh my god his bare hands are touching
nice look at this ice bin mold and other
deposits on the walls lovely oh their
hands again touching packaging before
sealing the ice scoop that sat on top of
the bin is now lying in the ice do you
think that has ever been sterilized the
ice scoop lain and the ice bin a big
no-no trying to put a closure on the bag
hopefully no flies have gotten in it
packaging the food product in the open
who knows what critters are hovering
around flies birds anything
look at those bags storing the finished
production on the dirty wood floor
amazing they do not have the
manufacturer's name on them when you get
sick who do you call again packaging a
food product in this environment
unbelievable oh he's so proud of his
product standing in front of his
workbench this wins the award for
unsanitary food production look at this
machine better yet the water supply is a
hose given the filthy operating
conditions how often is that filter
changed delivering the ice product in
the open bed of a pickup that you can't
wait to buy this ice
not how do they get away with this
where are the health inspectors thank
you for watching